# BuildFast

Welcome to **BuildFast**, an open-source NextJS boilerplate designed to help you swiftly launch your SaaS, AI tools, or any web applications and start earning online quickly. It includes everything from user authentication to API integration, all configured to get you up and running with minimal setup.

## Features

- **NextJS Boilerplate**: A robust starting point using NextJS for server-side rendering and static site generation.
- **SEO & Blog**: Integrated SEO optimization and blog setup to help you reach a wider audience.
- **Mailgun Emails**: Pre-configured Mailgun for reliable email delivery.
- **Stripe Payments**: Integrated Stripe for secure and easy payment processing.
- **Database Options**: Choose between MongoDB and Supabase depending on your project needs.
- **Authentication**: Google OAuth & Magic Links for seamless user authentication.
- **UI Components & Animations**: Rich, interactive UI components and animations ready out of the box.
- **ChatGPT Prompts**: Standard terms and privacy prompts generated by ChatGPT to get you started.
- **Community Tools**: Built-in Discord community and leaderboard features to engage and grow your user base.
- **Lifetime Updates**: Continuous updates to keep your boilerplate at the cutting edge.

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 12.0 or later
- npm/yarn

### Installation

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/open-xyz/build-fast.git
cd BuildFast
npm i
npm run dev
```

### Contributing
We welcome contributions from the community! Whether it's improving the documentation, adding new features, or fixing bugs, please check out our contributing guidelines for more information on how to get involved.

### License
Distributed under the MIT License. See LICENSE for more information.

